---
layout: post
title: Disclaimer
---
General disclaimer
------------------

  
1. **Trademarks.** All trademarks, service marks, trade names, slogans, logos, and other indicia of origin that appear on or in connection with the Service are the property of Du Star Productions and/or its affiliates, licensors and/or licensees. You may not copy, display or use any of these marks without prior written permission of the mark owner.
2. **Content.** All music, downloaded or samples, and all software, artwork, graphics, video, text, interfaces, trademarks, logos, images, photographs, and any other element of the Du Star Productions website (collectively Content), including but not limited to the layout, election, organization, and coordination of such Content on the website is the property of, or is licensed to Du Star Productions, and is protected by trademark, trade dress, copyright, and other intellectual property rights laws.   
Without the prior written consent of Du Star Productions, and except as provided in this Agreement, no Content may be transmitted/translated, publicly displayed, uploaded, published, recorded, retransmitted, rented, sold, distributed, digitized, marketed, reproduced, altered to make new works, performed, or compiled in any way to any other computer, website, or other medium for any commercial purpose.

  
Webpurchases:
-------------

  
1. **Customer** To purchase downloads from Du Star Productions Ltd. ("Du Star Productions") you must be a credit or debit card holder.
2. **Company**. The Leon Du Star website (www.leondustar.nl) is property of the company Du Star Productions Ltd. ("Du Star Productions").
3. **Description of Service.** Through the use of the Leon Du Star website, you are permitted to listen to Samples (as defined below), and obtain Digital Downloads of sound recordings ("Tracks"). Du Star Productions downloads are only for your personal, non commercial use. You are responsible for any hardware, systems and/or software program(s) you use and any associated fees and expenses (a) to connect to, browse or otherwise use the Internet, and/or (b) to access the sites on which the Service is offered, and/or (c) to browse, stream, download, play back, burn or transfer the downloads accessible through the site. The Service is not part of any other offering or product, and as such, the purchase or obtaining of any other product shall not be construed to represent or guarantee you access to the Service.
4. **Registration Data & Accounts.** To use the Service you must register and provide certain information (e.g. a member (user) name, password, billing information, and valid email address) to Du Star Productions for the purposes of creating an Account. You agree to provide current, complete, and accurate Registration Data at the time you register and you will update your Registration Data as necessary to keep it current, complete and accurate. You agree that Du Star Productions may store and use the Registration Data you provide for use in billing fees to your credit card and maintaining your accounts.
5. **Consent to Our Communication With You By E-Mail.** Each time you make a purchase through our Site, you grant permission for Du Star Productions to contact you at your e-mail address.
6. **Objectionable Material.** When using the service, you understand that you might encounter Content that may be deemed objectionable, indecent, or offensive, which content may or may not be identified as having explicit language. You agree to use the Service at your own risk and Du Star Productions shall have no liability to you for content that may be found objectionable, indecent, or offensive.
7. **Content.** All music, downloaded or samples, and all software, artwork, graphics, video, text, interfaces, trademarks, logos, images, photographs, and any other element of the Du Star Productions website (collectively Content), including but not limited to the layout, election, organization, and coordination of such Content on the website is the property of, or is licensed to Du Star Productions, and is protected by trademark, trade dress, copyright, and other intellectual property rights laws.   
Without the prior written consent of Du Star Productions, and except as provided in this Agreement, no Content may be transmitted/translated, publicly displayed, uploaded, published, recorded, retransmitted, rented, sold, distributed, digitized, marketed, reproduced, altered to make new works, performed, or compiled in any way to any other computer, website, or other medium for any commercial purpose.
8. **Download.** A "Download" is a Purchased Track or other Purchased Digital Material that you can (1) transfer to a compatible portable device, (2) save to your hard drive with unlimited playback time, (3) burn to a CD/DVD. Du Star Productions shall have no liability for lost, damaged, or destroyed Downloads. Any security technology that is provided with a Download is an inseparable part of the Download. The Download capability does not operate to limit any rights of the copyright owners in Tracks or Material or any works embodied in them.  
You shall be authorized to use the Downloads only for non commercial, personal use. The Downloads are strictly limited to your personal use and any use or sharing outside the doctrine of Fair Use is in violation of Copyright and Intellectual Property laws.
9. **Prohibited Uses of Digital Downloads.** You may not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify or disable any copy protection or use limitation systems associated with the Downloads. You may not play and then redigitize any Downloads. You may not create any "derivative works" by altering any of the Content. You may not use the Downloads in conjunction with any other third-party content (e.g., to provide sound for a film). YOU MAY NOT UPLOAD DOWNLOADS TO THE INTERNET. PEER-2-PEER FILE SHARING IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Any other manner of network file sharing and transfer of Downloads to devices for such purpose is prohibited.
10. **Loss of Rights by Du Star Productions.** Du Star Productions may at any time have the right to make certain Tracks unavailable. In such an event, you will no longer be able to access these Tracks from Du Star Productions 's website or obtain them from the Site's database.  
  
**CHARGES/BILLING**
11. **Agreement to Pay.** You agree to pay for all tracks that you purchase through the Service. If any of your billing information changes, you are responsible for any charges on your account that are incurred by any person through your account, and you are solely responsible for keeping your account secure and confidential.
12. **Taxes.** You are responsible for paying any governmental taxes imposed on your purchases, including, but not limited to, sales, use or value-added taxes.
13. **Methods of Payment and Credit Card Terms.** Du Star Productions does not currently accept cash, money orders, checks, or any other form of payment besides the payment methods listed on the site. Du Star Productions reserves the right to change this policy at any time. You agree to pay all fees and charges associated with your purchase(s), (including any applicable taxes), at the rates in effect when the charges were incurred. You, not Du Star Productions, are responsible for any unauthorized amounts billed to your credit card by a third party. As a cardholder, your card issuer agreement governs your use of the designated card, and as such, you must refer to that agreement, not this Agreement, to determine your rights and liabilities as a cardholder. Obligation to pay for Products or Digital Download orders previously accepted by Du Star Productions will survive your termination of the Terms and Conditions of Usage.
14. **Electronic Signatures and Contracts.** Your use of Du Star Productions's Service includes the ability to enter into agreements and/or to make purchases electronically. You agree that any submissions you make for electronic purchases constitute your intent and agreement to be bound by the terms of and to pay for such purchases. Your agreement and intent to be bound by electronic submissions applies to all records relating to all transactions you enter into on this site, including notices of cancellation, policies,and applications.
15. **Privacy.** For additional information regarding Du Star Productions's use of information collected in connection with the Service, please refer to Du Star Productions's Privacy Policy.
16. **Copyrights.** All copyrights in and to the Service, including but not limited to, the Du Star Productions music store (including the compilation of content, postings, links to other Internet resources, and descriptions of those resources), and software, are owned by Du Star Productions. The use of the software or any part of the service, except for use of the service as permitted in this Agreement, is prohibited and subject to civil and criminal penalties, including possible monetary damages, for copyright infringement.